Return of Master Dingrao
See you soon
The master is back
Accompany me to greet the master quickly
Who the hell are you?
How dare you straighten the name of the mountain master
The dignified War God Temple Elder Yuan could only kneel on the handrail
Do you not want to live?
I don't dare to kneel and beg for mercy
Is there any truth in this world that a master kneels down and worships a slave?
Even if I dare to kneel, he would rather forgive me, but he may not dare to accept it.
You come, take this kid down for me, let me go
Delete this kid and offend your majesty
Don't get your hands dirty.
I'll find someone to teach him a lesson
shut up
The mortal with naked eyes is not a true monarch
Daokuningyao
Meet the master
What is this person's identity?
Even a person with the identity of Kunlun Mountain Master
They all call themselves servants to him
When the old servant arrives
Hope the master forgives his sins
Maybe five years ago.
This seat asked you to secretly protect my cousin's family
How about now?
Return to the master, your cousin Zhao Huiyue's family
Under the careful arrangement of the old slave
Has settled in the lower room
Life is attached to doing well, what is there?
I was a child again.
I read that right?
This person is just a trivial job
Let the Kunlun Mountain Master be rejuvenated
Nie Rao from now on
You don't have to be my slave anymore
Today I wish you rejuvenation
Grant you a decree from General Fenglin
Wait for me to guard the sword and walk the Great Wall
Thank you Zhao Jun
Zhao Jun and these people?
Zhao Jun, I don't know Mount Tai
I offended you, my Qin family is the elder of the Temple of War
Power
May I be alone for you
Hua Jiao Jackie Chan
Become Zhongxia's top wealthy family
Please forgive me
Taoist Lord forgives his sins
Actually so
Your old wounds
This book will help you heal in a few days
Thank you Daojun
Thank you, Daojun
My granddaughter Qin Mengyin
Twenty years old
Natural beauty
I also hope that the Taoist Lord can accept it as a Taoist mansion
Serve you
Since descended to earth
This seat is not easy to kill the angry Taoist priest Qin Mengyin too much
Right? Then you can take this seat to my cousin's house
OK